Zhang Shao
Does that kid from Ye Tiansi have another identity?
Can instantly transfer the stocks of major shareholders
Swallowed it all
I have reason to suspect
Is he connected to the temple?
What are you panicking about?
Father not listed
Vice President of Daxia Chamber of Commerce
Many things are inconvenient to disclose
But he also revealed something
What was revealed?
He said that the new president's blood was instructed by the temple
Right at Ye's house
Congratulations to Ye Shao Congratulations to Ye Shao
Don't pick it up.
It must be a gift from you.
What, doesn't Ye Shao rely on Fengluan?
Tomorrow at the Dragon Return Banquet
In front of the new owner
I'll see how he explains
In fact, we should thank Ye Tianci
He drove out all the shareholders of our Ye family
Now they are all our people
Zhang Shaoye Shao
Since
The Great Xia Young Master's Association election was held together with the Dragon Turtle Banquet
Can we manage it together?
This banquet was extraordinary
All the bosses came
You two are too low
But for Ye Shao's sake
You go to be a security guard
You do the cleaning
So you can come and go freely
What longevity
One of us is a wealthy aristocrat in southern Xinjiang
One is a beautiful woman
The two of us do security and cleaning
Isn't it a bit too discounted?
Why are you not satisfied?
I'll tell you what.
The finance that can let you in and destroy the temple master
It must be a great honor